Add comment about newly supported doctrine version to UPGRADE file (#8490)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE-3.x.md

# Upgrade

## 3.0.1

## Support for doctrine/orm 3 dependencies added

> Sulu now supports also the following doctrine package versions: `doctrine/orm:^3.1`, `doctrine/dbal:^4.0` and `doctrine/persistence:^4.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sulu now also supports the following Doctrine package versions: `doctrine/orm:^3.1`, `doctrine/dbal:^4.0`, and `doctrine/persistence:^4.0`.
```

It is recommended doing such upgrade as its own Step.

> To freeze your project doctrine versions run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to perform this upgrade as a separate step.  
To freeze your project's current Doctrine versions, run:
```

```bash
composer require doctrine/orm:"^2.17" doctrine/persistence:"^3.1" doctrine/dbal:"^3.9"
```

Later after you tackled Sulu upgrade and all is working as expected,

> you can tackle the doctrine upgrade via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully upgrading Sulu and verifying everything works as expected,
you can proceed with the Doctrine upgrade using:
```

```bash
composer require doctrine/orm:"^3.1" doctrine/persistence:"^4.0" doctrine/dbal:"^4.0"
```

> Required changes you will find in the doctrine repositories UPGRADE and CHANGELOG files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The required changes can be found in the Doctrine repositories UPGRADE and CHANGELOG files.
```
